docs: add how-to: paginate with indepedent contexts (#490)
ddnexus/pagy: docs/how-to.md

!!!
+++

> ### How to Paginate While Maintaining Independent Contexts

Reviewer: ### Paginate while maintaining independent contexts

Author: https://github.com/ddnexus/pagy/pull/490/commits/8d4cd0987a0e7428579be241b13b39e87adbc057

> If you're using [hotwire](https://hotwired.dev/) ([turbo-rails](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-rails) - if you're using Rails) when one way of maintaining independent contexts is as below:

Reviewer: Did you mean "then" instead of "when"?

```html+erb
  <-- movies#bad_movies -->
  <%= turbo_frame_tag "bad_movies", src: bad_movies_path do %>    
      <%= render "movies_table", locals: {movies: @movies}%>
      <%== pagy_bootstrap_nav(@pagy) %>    
  <% end %>

  <-- movies#good_movies -->
  <%= turbo_frame_tag "good_movies", src: good_movies_path  do %>    
      <%= render "movies_table", locals: {movies: @movies}%>
      <%== pagy_bootstrap_nav(@pagy) %>    
  <% end %>   
```

```rb
  # controller action 
  def good    
    @pagy, @movies = pagy(Movie.good, items: 5) 
  end 

  def bad    
    @pagy, @movies = pagy(Movie.bad, items: 5)
  end 
```

> You may wish to scope your records using a search form (perhaps using [ransack](https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/ransack) etc.), to the same url, or a different url, or you may wish to use an entirely different model (actors, rather than movies): but the logic remains the same: wrap each independent context in a `turbo_frame_tag` and ensure each url returns a matching `turbo_frame_tag`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to scope your records using a search form (perhaps using [ransack](https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/ransack) etc.), to the same url, or a different url, or use an entirely different model (actors, rather than movies). 

The logic remains the same: wrap each independent context in a `turbo_frame_tag` and ensure each url returns a matching `turbo_frame_tag`.
```

Or alternatively you may which to paginate [two different models in the same page](https://www.imaginarycloud.com/blog/how-to-paginate-ruby-on-rails-apps-with-pagy/):

```rb
def index # controller action
  @pagy_stars, @stars = pagy(Star.all, page_param: :page_stars)
  @pagy_nebulae, @nebulae = pagy(Nebula.all, page_param: :page_nebulae)
end
```

> Please note how a different `page_param` is specified for stars vs nebulae? This is critical if users cut and paste urls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how a different `:page_param` is specified for stars vs nebulae. This is critical if users cut and paste urls.
```

Reviewer: I had to research note vs notice verb, that I always wrongly used interchangeably. 👍🏻

Author: > always wrongly used interchangeably. 

It's not "wrong". You can think of it as a stylistic choice:

* Notice how I never said anything about it till now?  (this feels right)
* Note how I never said anything about it now?  (this feels "wrong")

Reviewer: not according to [this](https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/150903/what-is-the-difference-between-note-and-notice#:~:text=To%20notice%20X%20is%20to,to%20actually%20write%20X%20down)

You may want to scope your records using a search form (perhaps using [ransack](https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/ransack) etc.), to the same (or different) url, or use an entirely different model (actors, rather than movies). However you do it, the logic remains the same: wrap each independent context in a `turbo_frame_tag` and ensure a matching `turbo_frame_tag` is returned.

> Or you may wish to paginate [two models in the same page](https://www.imaginarycloud.com/blog/how-to-paginate-ruby-on-rails-apps-with-pagy/):

Reviewer: Or a bit shorter:

```suggestion
Alternatively you may choose to paginate [two different models in the same page (https://www.imaginarycloud.com/blog/how-to-paginate-ruby-on-rails-apps-with-pagy/):
```

!!!warning Rescue from `Pagy::OverflowError` first
All Pagy exceptions are subclasses of `ArgumentError`, so if you need to `rescue_from ArgumentError, ...` along with `rescue_from Pagy::OverflowError, ...` then the `Pagy::OverflowError` line should go BEFORE the `ArgumentError` line or it will never get rescued.
!!!

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
